<h2>About</h2>
This project is the verification of a synchronous FIFO having status flags for Full, Empty, Half and Almost Full & Empty conditions. FIFO stands for First In First Out and can be used as a buffer to store data temporarily. 
<ul>
<li> RTL folder consists of the design file for FIFO written in verilog. 
<li> ENV folder contains all the components of layered testbench consisting of generator, driver, monitor, interface, scoreboard etc.
<li> SIM folder consists of makefile, coverage report in pdf report format and batch file.
<li> TEST folder consists of testcases implemented to verify the functionality of FIFO.
<li> TOP folder consists of top file which contains DUT, interfaces and base test. </ul><br><hr>
<h3> Arhitecture </h3>
Architecture consists of three big components : <ol><li> Environment block<br>
It further consists of :<dl><dt> Transaction</dt><dd> It consists of data fields used throughout the verification. </dd>
  <dt> Defines</dt><dd> It consists of definitions used in the architecture. </dd>
  <dt> Interface</dt><dd> It is responsible to send transaction values to DUT and collect values from DUT. </dd>
  <dt> Driver</dt><dd> It is responsible for driving the values to DUT via interface. </dd>
  <dt> Monitor</dt><dd> It is responsible to sample the values coming from DUT via interface. </dd>
  <dt> Reference Model</dt><dd> It is used to predict the expected behaviour of the DUT. </dd>
  <dt> Scoreboard</dt><dd> It is used to compare the actual DUT values with expected values generated by the reference model. </dd>
  <dt> Environment</dt><dd> It is a container class for all the above components. </dd></dl>
  <li> Test block<br>
  This block is a superset of Environment block. It consists of package file, base test file and testcases extending from the generator.
  <li> Top block<br>
  It is a superset of Test block and contains DUT as well the interface. It is the topmost hierarchical level.</ol>

Following the architecture, mailboxes are connected from generator to driver, monitor to reference model and scoreboard.
Connections with DUV are done using interfaces as in from Driver to DUT and from DUT to monitor.
Makefile for compilation, coverage based simulation of all testcases and combining individual coverage reports to get merged report is provided in the SIM directory.

<h2>How to use</h2>
<ol>
  <li> Download the folder FIFO VERIFICATION.
  <li> Open SIM folder and type cmd in the address bar. Alternatively open cmd and go inside the SIM folder using cd path_name.
  <li> In cmd, type vlib work to create directory for Questa.
  <li> Makefile info : <ul>
    <li> Type make sim to compile and execute all testcases without coverage options. 
    <li> Type make or make all to compile, execute all testcases and generate merged report of all those cases in MERGECOV folder in SIM folder. 
    </ul>
  <li> Open MERGECOV folder and open index.html for coverage report. Additionally, PDF of coverage report is provided showing 100% covergroup coverage.
    </ol>
 
<footer>
  For more information, contact me here<br>
  <a href="mailto:kirti.kumar2k1@gmail.com">E-mail</a></p>
</footer>
